http://www.skybyte.net/

http://localhost:5000/oauthcallback

http://localhost:5000/oauth

http://localhost:5000/getinfo

https://abhijitlgtout-dev-ed.my.salesforce.com/

https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.lightning.meta/lightning/lightning_out_requirements.htm

my.salesforce.com//c/lotest.app?aura.format=JSON&aura.formatAdapter=LIGHTNING_OUT. Request header field Authorization is not allowed by Access-Control-Allow-Headers in preflight response.

IP Reputation - 
Spam filters typically check for sending IP's reputation when deciding whether to deliver your emails or make them disappear into spam limbo. It's a really good idea to protect your sending reputation if you actually want to get your messages into inboxes. 

Email Authentication
Do you have email authentication set up? The two most common authentication standards are SPF and DKIM. Every major ISP and most major spam filter providers check for one or both of these when deciding what to do with an email. 

Content
Keep an eye out for these common mistakes in email content, and avoid them where you can. 

Spammy Copy
Don't use spammy words and phrases in your emails — don't use them in the subject or the body. A phrase like "CLICK HERE! Vote Daily for Marketer of the Year!!" will probably trigger a spam filter and really hurt your deliverability. 

Interactive Content
Including some kinds of 'interactive content' in your emails could cause your emails to be marked as spam. Including the following in your email code could trigger spam filters: 
•JavaScript
•RSS feeds
•Forms

Messy Code
One of the most common causes of sloppy email HTML is copy-pasting from Document editors. Please don't do that — when you copy-paste content from it, it pulls in styling tags and all kinds of other stuff. Also, be sure to check your email source code for any messy HTML or other code before you send to your prospects. 

Suspicious Formatting
Don't do suspicious things with your text formatting like: •WRITING IN ALL CAPS
•using punctuation!!!??? in your subject line
•d0ing w3ird th1ngs with letters and numbers
•using too many different font colors
•using large font sizes (anything greater than 10pt or 12pt)
Not only can these sorts of things trigger spam filters, they might also annoy your recipients into marking your emails as a spam. 

Image-to-Text Ratio
Too many images (or too large of an image) compared to text in an HTML email can be considered spammy. Adding more text and/or reducing the number and size of images may help. Keep in mind that lots of email clients block images by default, so there's a good chance that even if your image-heavy emails make it into the inbox, your recipients don't see the images automatically. Also, make sure your images include alt tags. For more on this check out The Ultimate Guide to Styled ALT Text in Email from Litmus. 

Links
Avoid using URL shortners in your emails — they're frequently abused by spammers. 

Missing Information
According to CAN-SPAM, your marketing emails must contain two things: your physical address and a way for recipients to opt-out of future emails. This is the law. If your marketing emails are missing an unsubscribe/email preference center link or a physical address, they'll trigger spam filters. 

List Management
List management is important. If you’re sending to unengaged prospects who aren’t opening and clicking your emails, mail servers are going to assume you're a spammy sender. 